Added .vscode configs + how to use section in README (#6126)
randovania/randovania: README.md

Suggested IDE: [PyCharm Community](https://www.jetbrains.com/pycharm/download/)

## Visual Studio Code

Clone this repository and open the folder in Visual Studio Code. It suggests several useful plugins for developing which you should download and install.

> If your Python is setup properly, you can use the `Create venv with all exporters` task by pressing CTRL+SHIFT+P, type in `Task`, select `Tasks: Run task` and then select the task. It will create the venv with all requirements for you.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your Python is setup properly, you can use the `Create venv with all exporters` task by pressing CTRL+SHIFT+P, type in `Task`, select `Tasks: Run task` and then select the task. It will create the venv with all the dependencies installed for you.
```

Author: Well, it's not only installing dependencies but whatever.

Reviewer: maybe, but "requirements" sounded weird there xP

> If your python is setup properly, you can use the `Create venv with all exporters` task by pressing CTRL+SHIFT+P, type in `Task` to find + select `Tasks: Run task` and then select the task. It will create the venv with all requirements for you.

Author: It is "find and select" but I don't like "find and select [...] and" because it reads kinda weird. 
"type in `Task` to find, select [...]" reads like I missed words because the first part is not a full sentence.
I will just remove "to find"

> There is also a task defined to run all tests. To run individual tests you can utilise the `Testing` section of Visual Studio Code. You can simply run or run + debug a test there.

Reviewer: I dont like the `+` but also dont have any ideas on how to get rid of it. `You can run or debug a test from there` sounds a bit weird. Does VSC call the latter `Run (Debug)`?

Reviewer: Then lets keep with the vsc terminology and also just call it "run or debug a test"
